New project's structure (#43)
mudita/mudita-developers: src/content/styleguide.mdx

- Name the file the same as the main (default) export.

The available file type suffixes (list is non-exhaustive):

> - `.container` for connecting store to component (Redux's `connect`)

Reviewer: So the so called `"container"` component will be called `name.component.tsx` but its ui should be called `name-ui.component.tsx`?

> - `.container` for connecting store to component (Redux's `connect`)

Reviewer 2: I would say so. The container is the main component and is publically exposed to other modules, while the ui part is internal to just this module.

> - `.container` for connecting store to component (Redux's `connect`)

Author: Done in 587860b

- `.component` for standard React components,
- `.styled` for Styled components,
- `.stories` for files holding Storybook stories,
- `.test` for unit tests,
- `.e2e` for end-to-end tests,
- `.hook` for hooks,
- `.fragment` for GraphQL fragments,

> - `.types` for interfaces, types, enums, etc.

Reviewer: So we agree on not distinguishing enums etc. in files with different extension like we are doing right now in mudita-center?

Reviewer 2: TBH I'm kinda *meh* when it comes to using a sintle `.type` file. Having `.enum` and `.interface` adds more meaning to the structure.

Reviewer: Yup, I think the same.

Author: Sorry, but I remember sth opposite and imho it's too late for such change. I was asking for some feedback few times and no one requested such change so I assume it is OK.

The most thing I don't like in this approach is that in fact, by the most time, we don't care if something is a type or interface or enum - it's just a typing of some objects / props etc. Very common situation is where we have only 1 interface, using only 1 enum and 1 type. So, should we create 3 separate files to properly type a single component? It's overkill.

Isn't one single file for all typings stuff enough? I would give it a try.

Reviewer 2: Regarding it being too late, I don't think that's the case. You got feedback from Kamil as soon as he got back to work after the holiday's season, so it counts.

Author: Nvm, changed in b2fa83b

contact-form-component.test.tsx
contact-form-component.e2e.tsx
user-profile.fragment.ts
user-profile.types.ts
get-user-profile.request.ts
parse-user-profile.ts
```

## Folders structure and files organisation

> Folders structure of the whole project should be built with _domain driven development_ in mind. This will make it clear and easy to navigate. A project `src` directory should contain only domains (modules). Each module should be responsible for a separate functionality, its API should be clear, obvious and what's the most important - it shouldn't cause circular dependency with other modules. If it does, its worth to rethink and refactor the code (maybe split it into even smaller modules?).

Reviewer 2: DDD = domain driven design

Author: Fixed by committing below suggestions.

> Folders structure of the whole project should be built with _domain driven development_ in mind. This will make it clear and easy to navigate. A project `src` directory should contain only domains (modules). Each module should be responsible for a separate functionality, its API should be clear, obvious and what's the most important - it shouldn't cause circular dependency with other modules. If it does, its worth to rethink and refactor the code (maybe split it into even smaller modules?).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Folders structure of the whole project should be built with _domain driven design_ principles in mind. This will make it clear and easy to navigate. A project's `src` directory should contain only domains modules. Each module should be responsible for a separate functionality, its API should be clear, obvious and—what's the most important—it shouldn't cause circular dependency issue with other modules. If it does, its worth to rethink and refactor the code (maybe split it into even smaller modules?).
```

Just some editorial suggestions. 🟢

The module has no obligatory structure. It may contain only one file or the whole app-like structure containing store, sub-components, internal routing, helpers etc. However, there are few rules that should be applied (if needed):
- `<module>/components` is an obvious directory to store all components used in given module
- `<module>/store` should contain all store related stuff

> - `<module>/img` is for storing images, SVGs, etc.

Reviewer 2: How about `<module>/assets`?

Author: Changed in 6da9927

- `<module>/constants` should contain constants used only in given module
- `<module>/helpers` should contain all helper functions used across the module, including its store and sub-components; 
  **it means there should be no `<module>.helpers.ts` files (or similar) as each helper function should be a separate file with its own `test` attached**

> **Note:** Each module should be treated as an independent _package_ that can be easily transferred to other project by just copying files and using its API. This imply that all components, constants, store etc. used in given module should be encapsulated. However, this is the best-case scenario so don't try to follow this rule at all costs. Just switch your mindset to that approach and write the code that will be as modular as possible :wink:

### Examples

- a `calendar` module
  ```
   ── calendar
      ├── calendar.container.tsx

>       ├── calendar.component.tsx

Reviewer 3: Why it's not placed in `/components` if it's exactly a component?

Author: `components` is a directory for sub-components of given module, the main components of the module itself should be in its root directory

Reviewer 3: @igorbezsmertnyi isn't it a `containers` case?

Author: We're not using sth like `container` anymore.

Author: @ulaulala What about this? I'm about to merge the changes

Reviewer 3: IMO it would be nice to have a separate folder for main components instead of storing them in root, just for easier searching through the folders tree. 

Feel free to resolve if it's not a good idea for you and other devs
